docs(guides/migrating-react-router-app): suggest using Suspense for client only components (#5353)
remix-run/remix: docs/guides/migrating-react-router-app.md

One potential solution here is using a different caching mechanism that can be used on the server and passed to the component via props passed from a route's [loader data][loader-data]. But if it isn't crucial for your app to render the component on the server, a simpler solution may be to skip rendering altogether on the server and wait until hydration is complete to render it in the browser.

With React 18 and the [streaming rendering APIs](https://beta.reactjs.org/reference/react-dom/server) (eg. `renderToReadableStream` in `entry.server.tsx`), this is a bit easier to do. You can use the `React.Suspense` component to render a fallback component on the server and then render the actual component in the browser:

```jsx
function SomeComponent() {
  return (
    <React.Suspense fallback={<SomeFallbackComponent />}>
      <Count />
    </React.Suspense>
  );
}
```

See the [React Suspense](https://beta.reactjs.org/reference/react/Suspense#providing-a-fallback-for-server-errors-and-server-only-content) docs for more information on how this works.

> If you're using React 17 or a non streaming API (eg. `renderToString`), we recommend using the [`ClientOnly` component](https://github.com/sergiodxa/remix-utils/blob/main/src/react/client-only.tsx) from the [`remix-utils`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/remix-utils) community package. An example of its usage can be found in the [remix-run/examples repo](https://github.com/remix-run/examples/blob/main/client-only-components).

Reviewer: I think we should link to `remix-utils` docs & `client-only-components` folder instead of to specific files

```suggestion
If you're using React 17 or a non streaming API (eg. `renderToString`), we recommend using the [`ClientOnly` component](https://github.com/sergiodxa/remix-utils#clientonly) from the [`remix-utils`](https://npm.im/remix-utils) community package. An example of its usage can be found in the [`examples` repo](https://github.com/remix-run/examples/blob/main/client-only-components).
```

> If you're using React 17 or a non streaming API (eg. `renderToString`), we recommend using the [`ClientOnly` component](https://github.com/sergiodxa/remix-utils/blob/main/src/react/client-only.tsx) in the [`remix-utils`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/remix-utils) community package. An example of its usage can be found in the [`examples` directory of the Remix repo](https://github.com/remix-run/remix/blob/main/examples/client-only-components/app/routes/index.tsx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using React 17 or a non streaming API (eg. `renderToString`), we recommend using the [`ClientOnly` component](https://github.com/sergiodxa/remix-utils/blob/main/src/react/client-only.tsx) of the [`remix-utils`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/remix-utils) community package. An example of its usage can be found in the [`examples` repo](https://github.com/remix-run/examples/blob/main/client-only-components).
```

Author: Are you suggesting to remove the reference to the react docs? Why?

Reviewer: I'm only suggesting changing `in` to `of` & fixing the examples repo link

Author: Addressed 👍

> If you're using React 17 or a non streaming API (eg. `renderToString`), we recommend the using the [`ClientOnly` component](https://github.com/sergiodxa/remix-utils/blob/main/src/react/client-only.tsx) in the [`remix-utils`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/remix-utils) community package. An example of its usage can be found in the [`examples` directory of the Remix repo](https://github.com/remix-run/remix/blob/main/examples/client-only-components/app/routes/index.tsx).

Reviewer 2: > we recommend the using the... 
Sounds a bit awkward. Perhaps `we recommend using the`.

Author: Yep, that's a typo. Will fix, thanks
